fix(rails): add a note to specify that we create a database at the boot of DB addon (#1668)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/ruby/rails/2000-01-01-start.md

* Select the __Addons__ category
* Choose the database you want to use

{% note %}

> Note for SQLish databases at the boot of the database, Scalingo creates a database.
> So if you need a specific configuration of charset or collation for example, you first need to configure
> it before running first database migration.

Reviewer: nitpick:
```suggestion
Note for SQL databases: at the boot of the database, Scalingo creates a database. If you need a specific configuration of charset or collation, you need to configure it before executing the first database migration.
```
